Added doc on creating third party env (#260)
cyberark/conjur-api-python3: docs/Setting_3rd_party_cert_environment.md

> # Set 3rd party cert environment

Reviewer: Configuring environment with a third party certificate

> ##Disclaimer

Reviewer: Wasn't rendered properly.
```suggestion
## Disclaimer
```

> This doc intention is to help developer with building environment using 3rd party certificate,
> Used for **TESTING PURPOSE** and by no means provide an instruction on how to set up a production environment
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this document is to help a developer during the development and testing process where they require a trusted, third party certificate. The process detailed below should be used for **TESTING PURPOSES** only and by no means intends to provide instructions for configuring an production environment.
```

## Motivation

Every certificate has to be signed by some CA (Certification Authority). There are many
CA's out there. Some are big, like Google or Amazon, and some are small CA's.
One can also create it own private CA and signed it own certificates.
Many Companies (mostly big companies) choose to create their own CA and issue 
their own certificates. This doc purpose is to be a walk-through on how to issue 
your own certificate and to configure your env to work with your CA and issued certificate.

## General information
- Python comes with a list of trusted CAs. Every certificate signed by those CAs 
will be considered as trusted certificate. Those CAs are located in a file called cacerts.pem. 

>   To get the path of this file, run in python `import certifi; certifi.where()` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To get the path of this file, run in `python3 -c "import certifi; print(certifi.where())"` 
```

## Walk-through
### Creating your own CA
1) Create your own folder to store the CA and open a terminal

> 2) Create a rootCA encryption key: `openssl genrsa -des3 -out CA-NAME.key 2048`

Reviewer: missing a space?

Author: Where?

> 3) Create a rootCA cert:  `openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -key CA-NAME.key -sha256 -days 1825 -out CA-NAME.pem`

Reviewer: missing a space?

>     * Note you will be asked to prompt some information about the CA this values are not affecting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Note you will be prompted to provide information about the CA. These values do not effect the integrity of the certificate
```

      the process by any way

> ### Sign certificate for conjur server

Reviewer: I am not really should what is going on in this section? I would give a short summary of what we are signing why are we signing?

Author: Adding a small description for each stage

1) Create cert key: `openssl genrsa -out CERT-NAME.key 2048`

> 2) Generate csr (certificate signing request) : `openssl req -new -key CERT-NAME.key -out CERT-NAME.csr`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Generate a CSR (Certificate Signing Request) : `openssl req -new -key CERT-NAME.key -out CERT-NAME.csr`
```

>     * Note that you will need to provide information. the only thing that is important is the Common_name section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Note that you will be prompted for information. The only thing that is important is the common_name section.
```

>     The value for this section should be your conjur url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The value for this section should be your Conjur URL.
```

what happens if there is a LB? Should it still be the URL for the conjur master? Should it be the DNS?

Author: should be the lb. meaning this shoould be the dns that we use to address conjur

> 3) create a config file for the signing process. should look like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Create a config file for the signing process. It should resemble the following:
```

    * ``` 
        authorityKeyIdentifier=keyid,issuer
        basicConstraints=CA:FALSE
        keyUsage = digitalSignature, nonRepudiation, keyEncipherment, dataEncipherment
        subjectAltName = @alt_names

        [alt_names]
        DNS.1 = myorg.conjur.com
        DNS.2 = myorg_loadBalancer.conjur.com 
        DNS.3 = ...
      ```  

>       * The only thing need to be edited is the [alt_names] section where each dns should be a possible dns that 
>         could be possessed by your conjur server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * The only thing need to be edited is the [alt_names] section where each DNS should be a possible DNS that  
        could be possessed by your Conjur server
```

what about LB?

Author: isn't it clear that LB should be also included?

Author: ```suggestion
      * The only thing need to be edited is the [alt_names] section where each dns should be a possible dns that 
        could be possessed by your Conjur server (Server-Dns, LB-Dns etc...)
```
?

4) Sign your cert: `openssl x509 -req -in CERT-NAME.csr -CA CA-NAME.pem -CAkey CA-NAME.key -CAcreateserial -out CERT-NAME.crt -days 825 -sha256 -extfile [PATH-TO-CONFIG-FILE]`

> ### apply cert in conjur server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the signed cert in Conjur server
```

> 1) Copy the followings to conjur server `[CA-NAME.pem,CERT-NAME.crt,CERT-NAME.key]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Copy the followings to Conjur server `[CA-NAME.pem,CERT-NAME.crt,CERT-NAME.key]`
```

2) In conjur server run the following: 
    * `evoke ca import -f --root CA-NAME.pem`
    * `evoke ca import --key CERT-NAME.key --set CERT-NAME.crt`
    * More on this in [docs](https://docs.cyberark.com/Product-Doc/OnlineHelp/AAM-DAP/Latest/en/Content/Deployment/DAP/dap-deploy-dap.htm)

> ### Build CLI with your CA included

Reviewer 2: We want that our customer will build the CLI ? 
Did we verified it vs. MAC/Windows/RHEL ?

Author: I'm not sure this document is for customers. more for contributors.
we did verify the flow on every platform

Reviewer: for developers as well. This can be a doc for anyone for SEs, etc

> 1) Add this CA to the python trusted CAs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Add this CA to the Python trusted CAs
```

>     * edit the `cacerts.pem` file (see in _General information_ section where to find it) the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Edit the `cacerts.pem` file (see in _General information_ section where to find it) with the 
```

      content of `CA-NAME.pem` file

> 2) build the CLI using pyinstaller 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Build the CLI using Pyinstaller
We build the CLI with the certificate in the `cacert.pem` so that the certificate can be treated a trust, verifiable certificate
```

# Configuring environment with a third party certificate

## Disclaimer

> The purpose of this document is to help a developer during the development and testing 

Reviewer: new line between title and description

Author: Done

process where they require a trusted, third party certificate. The process detailed 
below should be used for **TESTING PURPOSES** only and by no means intends to provide 

> instructions for configuring an production environment.

Reviewer: new line between title and description

Author: Done

## Motivation

Every certificate has to be signed by some CA (Certification Authority). There are many

> CA's out there. Some are big, like Google or Amazon, and some are small CA's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAs out there. Some are big, like Google or Amazon, and some are smaller for company-specific environments.
```

Author: Done

> One can also create it own private CA and signed it own certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can also create ones own private CA and signed it own certificates.
```

Author: Done

> Many Companies (mostly big companies) choose to create their own CA and issue 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many Companies choose to create their own CA and issue 
```

Author: Done

> their own certificates. This doc purpose is to be a walk-through on how to issue 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their own certificates. The purpose of this document is to provide a walk-through on how to issue 
```

Author: Done

> your own certificate and to configure your env to work with your CA and issued certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your own CA-signed certificate and to configure your env to work with your CA and issue certificates.
```

Author: Done

## General information
- Python comes with a list of trusted CAs. Every certificate signed by those CAs 
will be considered as trusted certificate. Those CAs are located in a file called cacerts.pem. 
  To get the path of this file, run in `python3 -c "import certifi; print(certifi.where())"`  

## Walk-through
### Creating your own CA

> In this section we are creating our own CA. we will later use this CA to issue certificate for Conjur

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we are creating our own CA. We will later use this CA to issue a certificate for Conjur
```

Author: Done

> and will add this CA to the trusted CAs list so that the CLI will trust the certificate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. We will add this CA to the trusted CAs list so that the CLI will trust the certificate 
```

Reviewer: IMO it is more than just trusting. It is being able to trust it verify the certificate against its own system-level list of certs

received from Conjur.

1) Create your own folder to store the CA and open a terminal
2) Create a root CA encryption key: `openssl genrsa -des3 -out CA-NAME.key 2048`
3) Create a root CA cert:  `openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -key CA-NAME.key -sha256 -days 1825 -out CA-NAME.pem`
    * Note you will be prompted to provide information about the CA. These values do 
      not effect the integrity of the certificate

### Sign certificate for conjur server

> In this section we are issuing our own certificate to be used by the Conjur server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we are issuing our own certificate signed by our new CA to be used by the Conjur server.
```

Author: Done

Conjur will use this certificate to identify itself to the outside world.
The client, communicating with Conjur, could verify that this certificate was issued by a trusted

> source (the CA we created in the previous section) and that Conjur Dns is valid as stated in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source (the CA we created in the previous section) and that Conjur DNS is valid as stated in the 
```

Author: Done

certificate.

> 1) Create cert key: `openssl genrsa -out CERT-NAME.key 2048`

Reviewer: what is this key for?

Author: added explanation

2) Generate a CSR (Certificate Signing Request) `openssl req -new -key CERT-NAME.key -out CERT-NAME.csr`
    * Note that you will be prompted for information. The only thing that is important is the common_name section.
    The value for this section should be your Conjur URL.
Create a config file for the signing process. It should resemble the following:
    * ``` 
        authorityKeyIdentifier=keyid,issuer
        basicConstraints=CA:FALSE
        keyUsage = digitalSignature, nonRepudiation, keyEncipherment, dataEncipherment
        subjectAltName = @alt_names

        [alt_names]
        DNS.1 = myorg.conjur.com
        DNS.2 = myorg_loadBalancer.conjur.com 
        DNS.3 = ...
      ```  
    * The only thing need to be edited is the [alt_names] section where each DNS should be a possible DNS that 
      could be possessed by your Conjur server (Server-Dns, LB-Dns etc...)

> 4) Sign your cert: `openssl x509 -req -in CERT-NAME.csr -CA CA-NAME.pem -CAkey CA-NAME.key -CAcreateserial -out CERT-NAME.crt -days 825 -sha256 -extfile [PATH-TO-CONFIG-FILE]`

Reviewer: I am not 100 on the process in general but should this be sign your cert with the CA's key?

Author: yep

### Configure the signed cert in Conjur server

> In this section we are configuring Conjur server to use our issued certificate as it certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we are configuring Conjur server to present the CA-signed upon request```

Author: Done

> 1) Copy the followings to Conjur server `[CA-NAME.pem,CERT-NAME.crt,CERT-NAME.key]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Copy the following files to Conjur server `[CA-NAME.pem,CERT-NAME.crt,CERT-NAME.key]`
```

Author: Done

> 2) In conjur server run the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) In Conjur server run the following: 
```

Author: Done

    * `evoke ca import -f --root CA-NAME.pem`
    * `evoke ca import --key CERT-NAME.key --set CERT-NAME.crt`

>     * More on this in [docs](https://docs.cyberark.com/Product-Doc/OnlineHelp/AAM-DAP/Latest/en/Content/Deployment/DAP/dap-deploy-dap.htm)

Reviewer: new line between section and title

Author: Done

### Build CLI with your CA included
In this section we add our CA to the CLI trusted CAs. 
1) Add this CA to the Python trusted CAs
    * Edit the `cacerts.pem` file (see in _General information_ section where to find it) the 
      content of `CA-NAME.pem` file

> 2) Build the CLI using pyinstaller 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Build the CLI using Pyinstaller 
```

I would also make a note about how to install Pyinstaller using pip3

Reviewer: you can also add building the test runner  for testing so it will become 
2) Build the CLI using Pyinstaller or for testing the different certificate flows
`pyinstaller -F ./pkg_bin/conjur` or `pyinstaller -F test/util/test_runners/integrations_tests_runner.py`

Author: Done

## Walk-through

### Creating your own CA

In this section we are creating our own CA. We will later use this CA to issue certificate for Conjur.
We will add this CA to the trusted CAs list so that the CLI will trust the certificate
received from Conjur.

1) Create your own folder to store the CA and open a terminal
2) Create a root CA encryption key: `openssl genrsa -des3 -out CA-NAME.key 2048`
3) Create a root CA cert:  `openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -key CA-NAME.key -sha256 -days 1825 -out CA-NAME.pem`
    * Note you will be prompted to provide information about the CA. These values do 
      not effect the integrity of the certificate

### Sign certificate for conjur server

In this section we are issuing our own certificate signed by our new CA to be used by the Conjur server.
Conjur will use this certificate to identify itself to the outside world.
The client, communicating with Conjur, could verify that this certificate was issued by a trusted
source (the CA we created in the previous section) and that Conjur DNS is valid as stated in the 
certificate.

1) Create cert key: `openssl genrsa -out CERT-NAME.key 2048`

>     * The CA uses this key to create the certificate. Later on, CA need this file to verify the certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The CA uses this key to create the certificate. Later on, the CA will need this file to verify the certificate.
```

        keyUsage = digitalSignature, nonRepudiation, keyEncipherment, dataEncipherment
        subjectAltName = @alt_names

        [alt_names]
        DNS.1 = myorg.conjur.com
        DNS.2 = myorg_loadBalancer.conjur.com 
        DNS.3 = ...
      ```  
    * The only thing need to be edited is the [alt_names] section where each DNS should be a possible DNS that 
      could be possessed by your Conjur server (Server-Dns, LB-Dns etc...)

4) Sign your cert: `openssl x509 -req -in CERT-NAME.csr -CA CA-NAME.pem -CAkey CA-NAME.key -CAcreateserial -out CERT-NAME.crt -days 825 -sha256 -extfile [PATH-TO-CONFIG-FILE]`

### Configure the signed cert in Conjur server

In this section we are configuring Conjur server to present the CA-signed upon request.

1) Copy the following files to Conjur server `[CA-NAME.pem,CERT-NAME.crt,CERT-NAME.key]`
2) In Conjur server run the following: 
    * `evoke ca import -f --root CA-NAME.pem`
    * `evoke ca import --key CERT-NAME.key --set CERT-NAME.crt`
    * More on this in [docs](https://docs.cyberark.com/Product-Doc/OnlineHelp/AAM-DAP/Latest/en/Content/Deployment/DAP/dap-deploy-dap.htm)

### Build CLI with your CA included

> In this section we add our CA to the CLI trusted CAs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we add our CA to the CLI's trusted CAs. 
```

1) Add this CA to the Python trusted CAs

>     * Edit the `cacerts.pem` file (see in _General information_ section where to find it) the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Edit the `cacerts.pem` file (see in _General information_ section where to find it) with the 
```

      content of `CA-NAME.pem` file

> 2) Build the CLI using Pyinstaller 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Build the CLI using Pyinstaller so it will have that CA available to the executable upon verification
```
